Hostess: Welcome, you must be tired after coming all the way here?
Fukami:No ...... The air is so refreshing, and it makes me feel new.
Waitress: Really? That's great. 
I visited this hot spring inn in the mountains of Shinshu for writing.
My profession is, novelist ..... It's a shame to use that word ...... But so far, I haven't published any great works, just a fledgling horror writer.
A year ago, I won the Overgawa Horror Award, so I made a name for myself in the literary world. After that, many literary magazines and horror magazines often asked me to write some short stories. 
I'm far from being a top-selling author, but if I don't pursue too extravagant a life, I can still make ends meet with this job, which is my current status as a fake. 

Waitress: I'll take care of your bag for you. Then, please come inside. 
Fukami: Thank you. 
I deposited my bag with the smiling hostess and walked inside the hotel. 
It was not a first-class hotel, but the atmosphere was quite nice.
Waitress: You must be surprised by this kind of place in the middle of nowhere.
Fukami: No, no, no ...... I love hiking. Compared to the chaotic city like Tokyo, this place has a transcendent feeling ...... I feel like I'm in a fantasy world, it's very pleasant.
Waitress:Heh ...... Do you think so, guest from Tokyo?
After hearing my exaggerated tone, the waitress's face relaxed.
Fukami: What are the specialties in this area?
I naturally asked, "What are the specialties in this area?
Waitress: Specialties... Food, catfish is very good. And then ...... Only the hot springs here can be considered.
Fukami:So... Well, as long as there is a hot spring, I'm satisfied. 
Waitress: Oh, the hot spring can be soaked as long as you want.
Actually... There is another purpose for this trip. 
I think it's better to find a suitable opportunity to inquire about it, so I'll keep quiet for now. 
Waitress: Then please relax. Hot tea will be brought to you later ....... Then I will leave first.
Fukami:Okay.
After the waitress got up and left ...... I looked around the room.
Fukami:I've heard of this ...... It's better to see it than to hear about it ......
This room was a reservation that was hard to get. It is commonly known as "between the dolls".
This room is a hot topic among some people. 
As for the reason, just look at the whole row of dolls here. 
One of the walls is lined with the faces of Japanese dolls ......
Each face is a lifelike beauty, and the sheer number of them creates an extraordinary atmosphere. 
I heard that the collection was originally collected by the founder as a hobby, and that customers brought in dolls one after another at some point, thus giving birth to this huge collection.
But the number of dolls in this house is not only large. It is said that the dolls here have this strange story that their hair will grow long and they will come out at night and walk around. 
I came here to take a picture for this dolls. 
I heard that there was a lot of work here after it was first published in a magazine, so I came here to pick up some material. 
As a writer of short stories, after traveling to various places, I always consider going to some travel destinations with strange legends to write. 
Just like me now.

Fukami:So ...... What will happen next ......
I sat down on the tatami mats and waited, even though I was so impatient. 
In fact, I like these kinds of weird topics the most. 
It's a great way for me to kill two birds with one stone as a horror novelist, because it takes care of my personal interests and has practical benefits at the same time. 
? ? ?: (......)
...... However, once I knew that I was likely to encounter a real weird phenomenon ...... I was trembling with excitement. 
I'm not sure what I'm talking about. 
? ? ?:......
Fukami:Woohoo!!!
A girl appeared in front of me without warning. 
? ? ? :......
Fukami:er ...... So, that, you are?
? ? ? :......
The young girl who suddenly appeared, without blinking her eyes, stared blankly.
With her straight face, her out-of-touch kimono dress ...... and her cold aura for some reason, one can't help but think she's a doll.
Fukami:No, it's not really a doll, is it ......
? ? ?:I can't believe you think I'm a doll, your eyes are really bad ......
Fukami:Woohoo!!! Talking!!!
Talking dolls ...... No, it's not a doll, but I'm also scared to death ......
? ? ? :It's only natural ...... Even I can talk and breathe ......
Fukami:Indeed, indeed ...... It's true, sorry ......
I was overwhelmed by the girl's majestic aura, and unconsciously apologized.
Although she is obviously a younger girl than me ...... But compared to a third-rate writer like me, she seems to be quite reliable. Is it my illusion ......
.......
...............
........................
I'm tired of copying scripts, I'm not copying anymore. 
